All right, so we left off with
the AuthForm which is exactly
what it sounds like,
it's a form that we can use for auth.
So what we're gonna do now is we're
just gonna put it on the auth layout.
And then that way we can actually,
well, so
what we're gonna do is we're gonna have
the AuthForm be inside of the sign in and
register, which are gonna
be on the layout.
And that way we can actually try to
sign in and create an account and
go from there.
And then what will be next is
just finishing out everything on
the dashboard page.
So let's do that.
So what we'll do is we'll
import the sign in,
or I'm sorry,
the AuthForm into the sign in page.
So if you go to app >
auth > signin > page,
we wanna import the AuthForm in here.
So let's say import AuthForm from here,
Like so.
Like that, and then for the mode,
this one is gonna be signin.
So we got that, and then for register,
it's mostly the same,
let's open an AuthForm.
So I'm gonna say register.
I'm gonna change the name of
this to register as well.
Good there?
Okay, so let's go check it out.
So let's run this, Is this [INAUDIBLE]?
No, it's not.
run dev, check it out.
Go to /register, like that.
I forgot to import the link
in the AuthForm, so
I'm gonna go back and do that.
Thought I did,
I must have deleted it or something.
I got that back in there.
Expects a string, got an object.
Let's check that out.
So where would that be?
That is in the, In here, let's see.
Content.linkURL, linkText.
>> Is it the casing?
>> It might be the casing.
Let's see, yeah,
it's definitely the casing.
I'll change it up here.
I'll be smart.
It's like we need TypeScript or something.
>> [LAUGH]
>> [LAUGH] Okay, there we go.
Now we have this form here
where you can register,
create a user, and
if you click here, you can sign in.
So this is how you toggle,
you just click this thing here.
So I can tell right now,
the font is just messed up,
it's not even using the right font.
So right on the go, I'll fix the font
cuz this is not, I can't do this.
>> [LAUGH]
>> [LAUGH] I can't do this.
This is making,
like I wanna peel my skin off-
>> [LAUGH]
>> Looking at this font.
So we need to fix this font in the layout,
but that's fine.
That's fine for now.
Any questions on bringing
in the AuthForm here?
Or on these pages?
Does it make sense why I made it this way
because they're basically the same thing
and now you get this nice one-liner in the
server component which just feels good.
But if you think about it,
all we're really doing is wrapping this
client component on a server page.
Actually pretty simple.
So if you were like, look at this
page to see how things are loading.
This whole background here is loading
pretty much immediately on the server and
then this client gets shipped through
JavaScript and then it pops up.
We could probably even push it further
to the edge away from the form.
I don't know, I'm getting crazy.
I think the form is as low as you can go.
Maybe you can go lower than that,
cuz that's where the event is.
But there might be a way.
I'll figure it out, not right now, though.
>> Can you talk about prefetch at link?
>> Yeah, prefetch.
So let me find example of that somewhere,
AuthForm I guess.
So you could do prefetch here, like this.
Basically what prefetch does,
I mean, if you hover over it,
it kinda tells you but, what it'll do is,
if you know there's a link that
someone's for sure are gonna click on,
they're gonna click on it, why wait for
them to click on it to load up that route.
You can just put a prefetch prop right on
the link component to tell, which will
hint at the browser to go ahead and
kinda make that request in the background.
Because if maybe that page that you're
linking to has data it has to fetch
on the server, maybe it has other
requirements that it needs,
authentication requirements.
Go ahead and start doing that stuff
right now, so when they click on it,
it's faster.
It just loads up faster.
So I think Rails had something like this
back in the day when it was turbo links or
something like that, I don't remember,
it's still a long time ago.
But it's something like that, you're just
doing that request ahead of time cuz
you're so sure that the user
is gonna click on this thing.
Maybe it's because that's
the only thing they can click on,
but they can't do it until they finish
something, so you could do a prefetch.
Or it's just like, hey,
we got all these navigations,
they're gonna click on them eventually,
let's prefetch the navigations.
There's many reasons why you would do it,
but that's basically it.